README.md, before:

﻿# Program OMSI (Convex + Next.js)

Modern schedule manager for parishes, rebuilt on Convex and Next.js with a Tailwind UI.

## Docs
- `docs/legacy/legacy-overview.md`
- `docs/legacy/legacy-api.md`
- `docs/new/overview.md`
- `docs/new/data-model.md`
- `docs/new/api.md`
- `docs/new/setup.md`

## Quick start
```bash
npm install
npx convex dev
npm run dev
```

## Build
```bash
npm run build
```

Then visit `http://localhost:3000`.

## Notes
- First-time setup requires `/api/setup` with `SETUP_SECRET`.
- The UI lives in `src/components/DashboardClient.tsx` and `src/components/SettingsClient.tsx`.
- Settings UI uses collapsible sections to keep large datasets manageable.
- The shared header/navigation (including parish switcher) lives in `src/components/AppHeader.tsx`.
- Shared icon UI helpers live in `src/components/IconButton.tsx` and `src/components/icons.tsx`.
- Translations live in `src/lib/i18n.ts` and the locale is stored in `localStorage`.
- Convex functions are in `convex/`.
- JSON import/export uses the legacy `season` + `schedule` payload; `/api/schedules` accepts both legacy and normalized formats.
- Legacy JSON may include `info`/`intention` as `null`; the API normalizes these to omitted values.

Commit message:

Allow write:schedules tokens for schedule import

README.md, after:

﻿# Program OMSI (Convex + Next.js)

Modern schedule manager for parishes, rebuilt on Convex and Next.js with a Tailwind UI.

## Docs
- `docs/legacy/legacy-overview.md`
- `docs/legacy/legacy-api.md`
- `docs/new/overview.md`
- `docs/new/data-model.md`
- `docs/new/api.md`
- `docs/new/setup.md`

## Quick start
```bash
npm install
npx convex dev
npm run dev
```

## Build
```bash
npm run build
```

Then visit `http://localhost:3000`.

## Notes
- First-time setup requires `/api/setup` with `SETUP_SECRET`.
- The UI lives in `src/components/DashboardClient.tsx` and `src/components/SettingsClient.tsx`.
- Settings UI uses collapsible sections to keep large datasets manageable.
- The shared header/navigation (including parish switcher) lives in `src/components/AppHeader.tsx`.
- Shared icon UI helpers live in `src/components/IconButton.tsx` and `src/components/icons.tsx`.
- Translations live in `src/lib/i18n.ts` and the locale is stored in `localStorage`.
- Convex functions are in `convex/`.
- JSON import/export uses the legacy `season` + `schedule` payload; `/api/schedules` accepts both legacy and normalized formats.
- External tokens can now write schedules with the `write:schedules` scope (restricted to assigned parishes).
- Legacy JSON may include `info`/`intention` as `null`; the API normalizes these to omitted values.
